[RateLimiter][Security] (obsolete) Add an easy way to customize "interval" in the default security.login_throttling (#39927)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bundle/SecurityBundle/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

> dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.3
```

---

>  * Added a `login_throttling.interval` (in `security.firewalls`) to permits easily to change the throttling interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add a `login_throttling.interval` (in `security.firewalls`) option to change the default throttling interval.
```

(not really important, but for any future contributions: we recently changed/formalized changelog conventions, see https://symfony.com/doc/current/contributing/code/conventions.html#writing-a-changelog-entry )
